W-10588815-oauth2-module-example-kt (#2144)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: oauth2-provider/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/oauth2-provider-module-example.adoc

= OAuth2 Provider Module Example

The OAuth2 Provider module supports a Mule runtime engine (Mule) application to be configured as an Authentication Manager in an OAuth2 authorization framework. 

> By using this module, the application is able to register clients, authenticate registered clients, grant tokens, validate tokens, and delete clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using this module, the application can register clients, authenticate registered clients, grant tokens, validate tokens, and delete clients.
```

. Set *Module configuration* to your desired OAuth2 provider module configuration.
. Set the following parameters: +
* *Client id*: `attributes.headers.client_id` +
* *Type*: `CONFIDENTIAL` +
* *Secret*: `attributes.headers.client_secret` +
* *Client name*: `attributes.headers.client_name` +
* *Description*: `””` +
* *Principal*: `””` +
* *Redirect uris*: `”demo.com”` +
* *Authorized grant types*: `”CLIENT_CREDENTIALS”` +
[start=7]
. Drag a *Set Payload* component alongside the *Create client* operation.
. Set *Value* to `Client Created`.
. Drag a new HTTP *Listener* source to a new flow.
. Set *Path* to `/validate`.
. Drag a *Validate token* operation alongside the *Listener* source.
. Set *Module configuration* to your desired OAuth2 provider module configuration.
. Set *Access token* to `(attributes.headers['authorization'] splitBy ' ')[1]`.
. Drag a *Transform Message* component alongside the *Validate token* operation.
. In the output display, add the following DataWeave code:
+
[source,dataweave,linenums]
-----
%dw 2.0
output application/json
---
{
	"Message": "Successfully validated"
}
-----
[start=16]
. Save and run your Mule app.

== Test your Mule App

> To test the Mule app you can run the following commands: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the Mule app, run the following commands: 
```

`http://oauthtest01.us-e2.cloudhub.io/createClient`
Method: GET
Param: client_id, client_secret, client_name

For example: `client_id = 123`, `client_secret = 1234`, `client_name = abc`
 
`http://oauthtest01.us-e2.cloudhub.io/token`
Method: POST
Param: client_id, client_secret, grant_type 

For example, setting the GET parameters fields with the following values: `client_id = 123`, `client_secret = 1234`, `grant_type = CLIENT_CREDENTIALS`

Returns the following result: 
`{"access_token":"s143Barj7xpQP3_AGWvHRyZxFNEcgJ55XB1I3Yquj8kgem2qxqa5TpouLG3gQCr2sj170Ci1MqLd5gzF4AUpRQ",
"token_type":"Bearer",
"expires_in":86400}`

Another option is to run the validate command:
`http://oauthtest01.us-e2.cloudhub.io/validate`
Method: GET
Param: Authorization

> For example, the Authorization equals to the Bearer s143Barj7xpQP3_AGWvHRyZxFNEcgJ55XB1I3Yquj8kgem2qxqa5TpouLG3gQCr2sj170Ci1MqLd5gzF4AUpRQ

Reviewer: I think this sentence should be after the 3 steps that come next, otherwise, the steps seem unconnected to the _/validate_ command.

. Put the token_type received from the response data which is "Bearer".
. Add a space.

> . Add the access_token received from response data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the access_token received from the response data.
```
